com/egen/order/EgenOrderServiceApplication.java
 com.egen.order.EgenOrderServiceApplication
com/egen/order/model/client/OrderPlacedDto.java
 com.egen.order.model.client.OrderPlacedDto
com/egen/order/model/enums/OrderStatus.java
 com.egen.order.model.enums.OrderStatus
com/egen/order/client/impl/ShippingClientImpl.java
 com.egen.order.client.impl.ShippingClientImpl
 com.egen.order.client.impl.ShippingClientImpl$1
com/egen/order/client/ShippingClient.java
 com.egen.order.client.ShippingClient
com/egen/order/config/ShippingClientConfig.java
 com.egen.order.config.ShippingClientConfig
com/egen/order/model/domain/ErrorResponse.java
 com.egen.order.model.domain.ErrorResponse
com/egen/order/model/enums/ResponseStatus.java
 com.egen.order.model.enums.ResponseStatus
com/egen/order/mapper/OrderMapper.java
 com.egen.order.mapper.OrderMapper
com/egen/order/model/dto/OrderStatusDto.java
 com.egen.order.model.dto.OrderStatusDto
com/egen/order/exception/ExceptionAdvice.java
 com.egen.order.exception.ExceptionAdvice
com/egen/order/model/domain/OrderDetails.java
 com.egen.order.model.domain.OrderDetails
com/egen/order/exception/OrderServiceException.java
 com.egen.order.exception.OrderServiceException
com/egen/order/model/enums/PaymentType.java
 com.egen.order.model.enums.PaymentType
com/egen/order/model/domain/Payment.java
 com.egen.order.model.domain.Payment
com/egen/order/config/SpringFoxConfig.java
 com.egen.order.config.SpringFoxConfig
com/egen/order/model/domain/Order.java
 com.egen.order.model.domain.Order
com/egen/order/service/impl/OrderServiceImpl.java
 com.egen.order.service.impl.OrderServiceImpl
com/egen/order/service/OrderService.java
 com.egen.order.service.OrderService
com/egen/order/controller/OrderController.java
 com.egen.order.controller.OrderController
com/egen/order/repository/OrderRepository.java
 com.egen.order.repository.OrderRepository
